
The following features today are present in our WebApp:

User Login(without LDAP):

	The user needs to fill his username as well as his password. Without both of them, a error message will appear.

		Test Cases:

			1.	Enter only one of the username or your password or leaves both the fields empty and click on the "Login" button to submit. 
				Expected Behaviour:
				The page loads again with a message above "Login" button as "Please enter both the fields".Data wont be accepted until correctly submitted.

			2.	Enter both username and password and submit.
				Expected Behaviour:
				The page correctly redirects you to the Preerences page where you can enter your preferences.

	If a user tries to login before the webapp is "set up" (ie branches.csv is not uploaded), prompts with error

LDAP Authentication :
	
	Our WebApp utilizes LDAP authentication. It pings the IIT Bombay LDAP server ldap://ldap.iitb.ac.in
	It recieves a response from the server which authenticates the user. This is how an official app from
	IIT Bombay might work, as they would not expect a "register user" interface. All users are already "registered"
	on LDAP. 

	It might not be able to test our webapp to its full extent because of this feature, but it can be easily turned off.


Material Design :

	Our webapp uses the now famous, Material design. It is a flat design and feels very clean and intuitive.
	The behaviour of the form fields also feel responsive.


Submitting Preferences:

	
	After successful login, the user is directed to a page where he needs to submit his name along with his CPI and 
	branch Preference list and his Category and current Branch. The Category field is default initialized to GEN.
	For changing/filling any entry, the user needs to click on the entry and either a scroll menu or a text field would appear.


	The user can add and remove preferences using the add and remove button on the page. After filling all your 
	details and preferences , you need to click on "Save" Button at the bottom of the page.
	The options provided on this page are modified according to the file branches.csv uploaded by admin.


	Name field:

		The Name is not entered by the User.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "Please enter your Name"

	CPI:

		The CPI field is empty.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "You have not entered your CPI! Please enter it correct upto 2 decimal places"

		The CPI entered is not a number.For example, it contains alphabets, symbols(other than '.') etc.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "Your CPI isn't a positive number!"	

		The CPI entered is greater than 10. 
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "Your CPI is out of bounds!"

		The CPI is not entered in the standard format i.e zeroes are appended before it.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "Please follow the standard CPI format and don't add any extra prefix zeroes!"

	Preferences:

		The preferences can be created or deleted dynamically by using the add or remove button.
		Also, in the preferences list only those branches are given as options which are present in the file branches.csv.

		No Preference is entered
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "Please choose at least 1 preference!"

		One of the chosen preference is the user's current branch.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "You can't have your current branch as a preference!"

		Atleast two preferences chosen are same.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "No two preferences can be the same!"


	Current Branch:

		The user can select his current branch from one of the options in the list he gets after clicking the entry.
		Only those branches are given as options that are present in branches.csv. 
		The user needs to select appropriate one which applies to him.


	Categories:

		The user can select one of the five possible categories.

	Also an option to cancel, current made changes and logout.

Admin
	
	The admin can sign with the set username (this will be secure, when LDAP is used)

	Import/Export:

	The admin can import files containing the information about branches and preferences list at any point.
	These are saved as branches.csv and students.csv respectively and can be downloaded as well by the admin.

	TestCase:

		None of the files, students.csv and branches.csv is uploaded.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The page loads again with a message "Choose at least one file!"

		Files uploaded are not correct.
		Expected Behaviour:
		The admin is directed to a "Not Admin" Page which gives the options to admin to login back as admin.

	Result: 

		The admin after uploading the correct input files can view the result online as well as he can download 
		the result as a csv file.


